What is your objective? 
 - minimize time required to create an arc chart for a song. 
What is required to make an arc chart? 
 - information which decomposes the song into musical figures
How should figures be represented? 
 - A figure should have a short description, an ID, a type, a duration, and a start/end timestamps
How would this information be used? And how would it be generated? 
 - First this information would be used to generate the first-level arcs among like figures. Second-level arcs would join repeated patterns of figures. 
How would repeated patterns of figures be represented? 
 - in the simple case, where there can be only one figure at a time, a letter can be associated with each figure, and a string can be generated from it. Matching string sequences might indicate figure matches. 
 For instance, this string might be generated: ABABABSCCCCCCCCSDDCDDCDDC
The case which concerns me is this: there are some matches which don't seem useful. There is one case of interest: When two parts of the song make use of the same figures, but have different durations (make use of a different total number of figures). There are two possibilities in this case: 
1. First part is shorter: then presumably the first part, as a whole, would match the beginning portion of the second part. Is this a useful thing to show? I think so, because it shows that the two parts do share significant structure. Okay, so in this case, the action is clear. The first part matches the first section of the second part. 
2. The first part is longer. In this case, which part of the first section should be matched with the second section? What are the rules that goven matches? 

The rules for matching are explained in Wattenberg's paper. 

There are several problems to work on: 
1. String specification
2. String Creation
3. Arc Creation

To start with, what should the string represent? 
 - There are several possibilities: notes, figures
So far, I think it should be figures, because I won't have access to notes, but can find figures easily. 

Right now, I suspect I won't create a string, but instead a list of figures. 
How should I represent simultaneous figures. 
Since a list is single-dimensional, how can layered figures be represented? 
What are the features of a successful representation? 

What is an example of layered figures? 
 - suppose there are two guitar figures, A and B, which occur individually and then together. What arcs should be created? One poor view is that the combination constitutes a new figure, and so doesn't match either A or B. Instead, the combination should reveal its connection to the individually-occurring instances of A and B. How can this be done? 
What is the problem? 
 - It's easy enough to imagine how this situation would be drawn, but it's less clear what representation would allow for this type of matching. It seems that there have to be multiple lists or strings. 
There are several alternatives. 
 1. show exact matches - this means that the sections of song are indistinguishable in all respects. 
 2. show exact matches by track/instrument - this means that guitar and bass matching will be done differently. In this case, it makes sense to consider a separate arc chart for each track. But, once you separate the data, you're likely to miss certain repetitions. 
What is an example of a case where matches would be missed if considered on a track by track basis? 
 - When considered as separate tracks, only repetitions of a single figure can be noted. This doesn't work, because many of the interesting features of a piece consist of repetitions which contain multiple figures.