Site Design Tools: 

 - SiteMap Designer - 
In order to increase the speed with which I design pages, it might be good to graphically design a graph where nodes are pages and edges are links. This could in turn generate controllers and buttons and states and such - perhaps with some default formatting. 

The process would look like this: 
1. Add pages (nodes). 
2. Connect them up as you'd like.
3. Use the graph to generate buttons/links/controllers and such. 

This is basically a graphical design tool for the site's structure. 

--

Are there other ways to simplify the design of the app? 
What should be my first step in refactoring my code to use angular.js?
What would most improve the code?
 - creating small, independent units
 - creating tests

What are the major questions? 
What is the structure of the app? 
What actions need to be performed? 
1. Explain app
2. Get song
3. Separate songs into parts
4. Group similar parts
5. Separate parts into phrases
6. Group similar phrases
7. Create symbol string/list for repetition-analysis
8. Create suffix tree/factor oracle for symbol string
9. Generate spec for arcs using above, and algorithm from arc diagram paper
10. Use arc spec to generate svg arc diagram, either manually, or with D3
11. Display and customize svg
12. Convert svg to jpeg for download
13. Download arc diagram

If these are the major objectives/interactions/requirements, then how should I structure the app? 
Some of these are background tasks which don't require user input. 

What are the major pages? 
What will the user see? 
1. Explain app
2. Get song
3. Separate songs into parts
4. Group similar parts
5. Separate parts into phrases
6. Group similar phrases
(bg) 7. Create symbol string/list for repetition-analysis
(bg) 8. Create suffix tree/factor oracle for symbol string
(bg) 9. Generate spec for arcs using above, and algorithm from arc diagram paper
(bg) 10. Use arc spec to generate svg arc diagram, either manually, or with D3
11. Display and customize svg
(bg) 12. Convert svg to jpeg for download
13. Download arc diagram